before you deploy, somebody should have already given you a list of items
that you need to have ready the main ones being your uniforms. You
know, once you have your uniforms, you can basically go anywhere
and then everything else can come later. But it's the things that come
later. Those are the things that make life good or bad in that place.
So, um, you might want to talk to somebody else who's actually
done the deployment to the same place that you're going to or you can
get in contact with someone who's already there to kind of get an
idea about what else you need. Things like that could be, um, your personal
items if you play video games if you have a TV. If you have,
um, some cooking habits that that you want to be shipped over there,
um, there's a long list of items, um, that you can get help for either
locally or from your new command.